whatever your political beliefs we can
all agree that China and the West have
taken on a more adversarial relationship
in recent years so whether you're
rooting for Chinese Innovation or wary
of it we wanted to make this video a
window into what exactly is going on
over in the 100 Acre Wood now there is
one part of this build we couldn't get
from a Chinese company yet the processor
there are several domestic x86 chips
like the
Xin that we looked at a few years ago
but they are nowhere near the
performance and efficiency of a modern
Intel or AMD chip more like CS slow that
is why we settled on the next best thing
Intel's Black Edition China exclusive
Core i5 13490 F it's basically a 13400 F
but with increased boost clocks and 20%
more level three Cash There's no offici
word from Intel on why these exist or
who they're even targeting with them but
Intel has been building these black
edition chips for the Chinese market for
three generations now just like how for
three generations my forefathers have
been producing Segways to our sponsor
ODU throw away all those mismatching
apps that you've been using to run your
business odu's all-in-one business
software can help you focus on improving
your business not juggling apps click
the link below or watch till the end of
this video video to learn more to pair
with our deliciously smooth Black Label
processor Macon sent over their icraft
z790 white motherboard it's got all the
usual accessories in the box like a QR
code that you can scan that thanks you
for choosing their graphics card the
user manual which is also a QR code you
scan and only available in Chinese
luckily Google translate does PDFs now
as well as the standard cables a nice
little case badge and some Ultra Kawaii
Enchanted princess stickers but that's
not what I'm into this is what I'm into
it comes with a mounting plate that you
can use while you test your build
outside the case how cool is that and it
even comes with a little screwdriver it
has a Gen 5 GPU slot with a mix of gen 3
and four for the rest all four m.2 slots
are Gen 4 and it's got a pretty decent
mix of IO considering the price USB 20
gig 2 and 1/2 gig Len Intel Wi-Fi and a
handy dandy clear seos button on the
back altogether this is an
uncharacteristically premium looking
motherboard from a brand that I've only
ever really known for its weird products
and for $149 un MSRP or about
$160 it's right in line with the
cheapest z790 motherboards on the market
though maybe that makes sense that they
can't charge a premium given their brand
reputation back in 2018 it was revealed
that some of Max Sun's h310 motherboards
weren't using the h310 chipset at all
instead instead they used minor Hardware
modifications and some bios hackery to
make h110 chipsets appear as h310
allowing the use of eth gen Intel
processors but what they couldn't spoof
was the ability to use ddr4 Ram however
none of this is so bad that they don't
deserve a shot at Redemption and Max
Sun's strategy seems to be a good one
targeting the budget-minded high-end
gamer which is going to end up being a
bit of a theme for this build continuing
with our Ram we'll be using this pair of
dual Channel 16 GB sharp blade ddr5
sticks from kingb bank that
ow no I'm just kidding they're they're
not actually sharp they run at 6,400
megat transfers per second support xmp3
and this is cool King Bank lists the
exact chips that they're using on these
sticks which is a welcomed move that I
wish more manufacturers would adopt as
long as we can trust them to use what
they say they're using and King Bank I'm
not so sure see they say they've been
around since 2001 but their website only
shows up on the Wayback machine as far
as 2018 and their account on the popular
e-commerce platform jd.com was opened
only in 2016 it's not the only thing we
were able to dig up on them they were
sued alongside a data by the alleged
inventor of the USB flash drive back in
2016 but aside from this lawsuit there
doesn't seem to be any readily available
information on Google dating them before
16 on BYU however the I chicha business
encyclopedia similar to Bloomberg shows
them as being registered in
2014 regardless they weren't publicly a
noteworthy player in the memory space
until sometime after the made in China
2025 campaign kicked off in May 2015
that campaign kickstarted a lot of
Chinese tech companies and birthed even
more one of those companies is the
semiconductor fabricator ymtc who has
made a lot of progress since they're
founding in 2016 and who made this SSD
this ymtc J Tha pc5 came from a seller
on NewEgg it's 1 tbte and it's only pcie
gen 3 but it's noteworthy because it was
the first SSD to be produced entirely in
mainland China it's been common for
years to find some made in China
components on an SSD but Nan flash chips
are usually produced by Korean or
Japanese companies while the controllers
have often been produced in Taiwan fun
fact by the way these chips likely would
have been used in the iPhone 15 were it
not for international sanctions
originally the plan was to use these
chips for iPhones sold in China but
because of their lower cost Apple
eventually changed the plan to use these
for up to 40% of their iPhone n overall
at least they were going to do that
until 2022 when the US government added
why MTC to the trade b list meaning they
were no longer able to use American
Technologies in their products or their
manufacturing processes leading Apple to
drop them from their plans Lenovo still
uses ymtc drives in some of their China
exclusive systems though now let's talk
cooling PC cooler sent us a couple
different options from their new CPS
line of parts that's aimed at the
higher-end market and this is the CPS de
360 a 360 mil AIO with dual pumps
whatever that means aluminum fins and a
copper base there's not much other
information to glean from the outside
the base kind of looks like it uses an
ACAC cold plate but also the mounting
mechanism is totally different and ACAC
doesn't use dual pumps so maybe it's
their own homegrown thing I noticed as I
was playing with these fans like wow
these are really rigid these feel really
good wow they look an awful lot like
knock to us they've even got the little
removable rubber corner pieces so boy
are they ever similar we weren't able to
find much else about this cooler company
but they also sent us this fish tank
looking case it's kind of similar to the
NZXT H9 flow but with a $100 MSRP which
is $60 cheaper it looks pretty
impressive it supports ATX matx Mini ITX
and the new ytx motherboard size as well
as having support for backside mounted
connectors it's undeniably a little
cramp to work in I found that in
particular screwing in these bottom
motherboard screws was pretty tricky but
for its size it has ample support for
fans and radiators even if it lacks some
Creature Comforts like support for a
vertical GPU Mount or support for any
GPU over 400 MM though luckily the
biggest RTX 490 we came across was 380
mimet so you can put pretty much
whatever you want in this thing this is
looking great so far aside from the
weird yellow discoloration on the water
cooling tubes anyo along with their
motherboard Max Sun also sent over their
RTX 480 which I've been informed is
gamer best
choice all right Max let's have a look
shall we they've got a stabilizer
included in the box and a GPU that feels
beefy enough to need oh my goodness did
they sneak into my brain to come up with
the Aesthetics for this back plate
kind's giving me a look but I like it
triple fan cooler on the other side and
it's got a shorter PCB see it ends right
here so you get some of that blowr
action that helps with cooling it's not
white though the annoying part is that
they do actually have a white version
that matches The Branding with the
enchantment heart princess thing uh it
would have really matched the aesthetic
of this build but what you going to do
other than the mismatched looks I have
no complaints but on the ever popular
GPU form on BYU which is kind of China's
version of Google users have compared
Mac Sun's after after sales support to
Asus for what that's worth when one user
returned to GPU with a noisy fan they
were told it arrived with a scratch and
therefore wouldn't be covered under
warranty because of physical damage
Maxon allegedly pushed the customer to
pay for repairs then when the customer
refused they said okay well we're just
going to send it back without repairing
it except when it came back the customer
noted that the serial number didn't
match the serial number of the card They
sent Maxon did end up issuing a public
apology as they should and claimed that
they would pun the entire customer
service team involved in the incident
but whether they learned from that
experience or not remains to be seen
what I know now is that this thing at
least looks pretty interesting even if
we would have preferred the waifu
Edition at this point we're pretty much
done with this side of the case and it's
time to turn our attention to the back
where Cable Management uh needs to be a
thing and also we've got to install our
power supply but what power supply is it
well we went a little Overkill and
purchased the 12 Heart 100 watt Great
Wall Hunter fire F12 on
AliExpress despite having fire in big
letters on the front of the box it
seemingly is a fairly solid offering 80
plus Platinum advertising 93.7%
efficiency and Japanese capacitors from
what we can tell it appears they
manufactured by nichon Rubicon and
possibly nipon chemicon now granted we
have not sent this through the labs team
yet as of the time of writing but we are
going to link to the results for this
power supply in a pinned comment as soon
as we've got them it feels really light
for a 1200 watt power
supply H price-wise it's listed usually
for around 140 us on popular Chinese
Marketplace sites which is pretty
appealing for this wattage and
efficiency level but we didn't choose it
for the price Great Wall is a very
widely distributed brand around the
globe but remains Rel relatively unknown
in the west this is likely by Design
since their focus is on their OEM work
rather than their own branded power
supplies they provide psus for all kinds
of pre-builts as well as for
better-known enthusiast Brands like
Corsair and Asus this model even uses
Corsair type four cables meaning that
our kit from cable mod worked perfectly
now greatwall is an organization that is
really interesting as a subsidiary of
the state-owned China Electronics Corp
their sister companies are involved in
all kinds of shenanigans there's Tong
Guang group an electrical infrastructure
manufacturer who's assisted with
building belarus's nuclear power plant
and fium a fabulous Semiconductor
Company who makes arm server processors
including for the servers that were used
to test China's df7 Hypersonic missile
there's also Panda Electronics who
manufactures and assembles desktops and
laptops including these kind of neat
looking looking water cooled gaming PCs
that they built for North Korea they
even included a Corsair power supply in
it big moment time to see if it works or
wait no we're going to need a monitor ah
another interesting OEM that many of you
might not have heard of is
ktc who has a history of producing
displays for the likes of Samsung muonic
and LG the MSRP for this bad boy is
around
$200 but on Tabo it regularly sells for
$140 250 unfortunately the height isn't
adjustable but it's otherwise comparable
to this ONN 27-in curved monitor from
Walmart that has the same resolution
size panel type refresh rate and
response time this one notably has two
display port inputs rather than two
hdmis and ooh support for
hdr10 although at this contrast ratio
I'd probably rather have the more robust
stand from the o n ktc does produce mini
LED and OLED displays as well but at
much higher prices let's see if it works
oo were all these RGB fans included at
that $100 price yeah six of them man
this build looks kind of awesome and
look it even booted but wait I'm going
to need peripherals meet the Hecate g3m
Pro
by meets the hakati g3m pro by edify
yes that edifier the one that we do know
in the west but more for their premium
audio products their hiati brand of
Esports peripherals includes a few
keyboards mice and mobile phone chillers
the g3m pro weighs 62 G features a paw
3395 sensor and a little switch on the
bottom to switch
between
switches that's right you heard me you
switch
between the switch is noisy quiet noisy
quiet the noisy switch is a hanano blue
shell pink dot while The Quiet One is a
juano micro motion switch that's better
and how much fun is this vibrant yellow
USBC charging cable these are available
for $40 on Chinese sites like Mech
keys.com or 55 if you want the
transparent version and at that price it
seems like a pretty good value across
all three pairing modes and with both
switch types it managed very reasonable
latency results with only about a half a
millisecond added by the 2.4 GHz
wireless dongle you know what else has a
wireless dongle this f98 keyboard sent
To Us by AA it's a 99 key layout it
weighs a kilogram and it will run the
average cowbow or JD Shopper around 370
un or a bit more than
$50 really that that's it
huh she Clacks pretty nice for 50 bucks
like many of the products we've looked
at today it's more expensive through
Western Brands like EO maker because I
don't know you guilo I guess but anywh
who it's hot swappable and uses
semi-transparent ice Soul switches made
by leobog aa's sister
company
for our first one not too bad function
shift seems to change the mode of the
RGB on the side that I didn't even
notice
before it's only no it's on both sides
function tab changes the uh can see here
as I go function
tab not on mine not on your
really just wondering if there's a lock
somewhere here or something hey there we
go function backslash
here's all your different lighting modes
dang that's cool and in our Labs tests
we found some really great consistency
across the board with the switch is
traveling 4 mm with a 1.9 mil 40 G
actuation point and a bottom out force
of 55 G now that's not to say we didn't
have any issues on one of our units the
screws that hold the name plate onto the
front here have caused the transparent
plastic to do what transparent plastic
does best cracking but it's only a
little bit and overall given the price I
really like this thing 's biggest claim
to fame is not their own-branded
products though but rather their status
as an oem of keyboards mice and
headphones for companies like HP AOC
Philips and lenovo's Leu they also have
a wide array of very entry-level
mechanical keyboards that can be
purchased in bulk for dirt cheap but
this collab with EPO maker seems to
indicate that their focus could be on
premium products in the longer term term
now it's time to try it all
[Music]
together I'll accept that it's time to
play some games on this thing but before
we do overall guys I am kind of loving
the look of this build and the overall
value per dollar other than the GPU
which is on the expensive side for a
4080 everything in here is really
reasonable especially this keyboard I am
loving this keyboard mouse combo for
under
$100 one thing I'm noticing right away
is that this SSD is not very fast um its
usage is extremely high and the data
rate while patching Alo infinite is
pretty slow let's give it a quick reboy
boot and see if maybe you know we can
enable XMP tell it hey maybe you want a
turbo for a little bit longer that sort
of thing pretty normal looking bios
layout oh that's cool cool Legacy game
compatibility mode you can press the
scroll lock key to toggle the efficient
course between being parked and UNP
parked when the LED is on and off is
this a thing I have no idea I maybe I
just missed it but I had not seen that
before uh oh turbo here we go okay I
don't see any obvious way to increase
the turbo duration or anything like that
though so all right let's see wait a
second now this is
curious power button on the motherboard
sure that I expect to see power button
on the GPU what do you
do I didn't even notice that was a
screen is it even a screen or
no no it's just LED lighting with a
clear okay still that's pretty cool
though there's one here too all right
let's see if those memory settings stuck
yep
6400 maybe the CPU just didn't need to
Turbo that that high yet guess we'll
find out oh there it goes oh we saw I
Saw 4 GHz there all right by the way did
you guys notice our white cable ties we
were using earlier we have saw many
different colors on LTT store no
complaints when it comes to Performance
good gravy we're looking at anywhere
from 15 to 200 FPS in the 1% low so
averages and we're like 250 FPS and this
is at 1440p Ultra in Halo infinite I
think the star of the show is the case
just outstanding a 100 bucks with all
that RGB all that cooling potential and
looking like that for Better or For
Worse guys it is a really interesting
time for Chinese PCT Tech semiconductor
manufacturing on the mainland continues
to grow and evolve while the government
seems dead set on eliminating any
dependence on foreign technology which
is of course the primary drive behind
their ma in China 2025 initiative just
like the major initiative I have to tell
you about our SP oh no Odo so you're
running a business but it's held
together by a bunch of different
software kind of like our car that owes
a great debt to duct tape ODU has a
better idea use their all-in-one
business management software it takes
the Essential Elements of any business
and combines them into one unified
operating system the CRM and sales apps
make lead generation and closing deals
easier than ever while their point of
sale and inventory apps turn selling and
product tracking from a chore into
Child's Play and their accounting app
automatically creates invoices sends
them and integrates with 28,000 Banks
from all around the world and if you
don't even need all of that ODU is
highly customizable you only have to
choose the apps that your business
requires and if you find yourself only
ever needing a single app you can use it
for free best of all ODU has a
userfriendly interface with AI powered
features and a support team that'll have
your back so don't overwhelm your
business with a bunch of software Ware o
do unify your processes by checking out
the link below for a free 14-day trial
or to set up a demo with odu's expert
team if you guys enjoyed this video
check out the pre-built PC we bought
from ta bow it had a very strange
motherboard in it that is worth taking a
look at